Update docs to encourage using someRef.getSnapshot() over someRef.state (#2684)
statelyai/xstate: docs/guides/actors.md

// ...
```

> This will automatically subscribe the machine to the spawned child machine's state, which is kept update and can be access via `getSnapshot()`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This will automatically subscribe the machine to the spawned child machine's state, which is kept updated and can be accessed via `getSnapshot()`:
```

```js
someService.onTransition((state) => {
  const { someRef } = state.context;

  console.log(someRef.getSnapshot());
  // => State {
  //   value: ...,
  //   context: ...
  // }
});
```

> Prior to version 4.20.0 this was kept updated in `ref.state`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Prior to version 4.20.0 this was kept updated in `ref.state`:
```

I think we can remove this - state is documented elsewhere.
